Enable targeted interoperability by default (#1715)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Documentation/EnvironmentVariables.md

| `HOME`[\*](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9799919799/basedefs/V1_chap08.html) | `String` | Used to determine the user's home directory. |
| `SIMULATOR_RUNTIME_BUILD_VERSION`\* | `String` | Used when running in the iOS (etc.) Simulator to determine the simulator's version. |
| `SIMULATOR_RUNTIME_VERSION`\* | `String` | Used when running in the iOS (etc.) Simulator to determine the simulator's version. |

> | `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` | `String` | Overrides the behavior for handling XCTest assertion failures recorded during a Swift Testing test. One of `none`, `limited`, `complete`, or `strict`. Explanation of modes can be found in [the proposal][interop-modes]. | <!--prefer to link to MigratingFromXCTest.md once it is updated with interop-->

Reviewer: Recommend the link text be "ST-0021" rather than "the proposal"
```suggestion
| `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` | `String` | Overrides the behavior for handling XCTest assertion failures recorded during a Swift Testing test. One of `none`, `limited`, `complete`, or `strict`. Explanation of modes can be found in [ST-0021][interop-modes]. | <!--prefer to link to MigratingFromXCTest.md once it is updated with interop-->
```
